add root_cert_ttl option for consul connect, vault ca providers (#11428)
hashicorp/consul: .changelog/11428.txt

```release-note:feature

> ca: Add a configurable ttl for root certs for connect, vault ca providers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ca: Add a configurable TTL for Connect CA root certificates. The configuration is supported by the Vault and Consul providers.
```
